# Introduction

Here you will be able to find several notes about **Computer Science**. The main sections are:

<br></br>

**[Computer Networks](./Computer%20Networks/0.overview.md)**  
Covers how data is transmitted across interconnected systems. Topics include cybersecurity and distributed systems.

---

**[Data Structures](./Data%20Structures/Hash%20Table.md)**  
Fundamental ways of organizing and storing data for efficient access and modification. For now, only hash tables are explained.

---

**[DevOps](./DevOps/0.overview.md)**  
Focuses on the practices, tools, and cultural philosophies that automate and integrate the processes between software development and IT operations. It includes explanations on container technologies, like Docker, and orchestration tools, such as Kubernetes.

---

**[Information Systems](./Information%20Systems/0.overview.md)**  
Focuses on the structure and functioning of modern database systems as essential components of information systems. Topics include file organization, indexing techniques (such as B+ trees and hash indexes), query processing and optimization, schema tuning, and transaction management with concurrency control.


---

**[Location Services](./Location%20Services/GPS.md)**  
Examines technologies used to determine and use geographical positions. For now, just GPS technology is included.

---

**[Operating Systems](./Operating%20Systems/0.overview.md)**  
Covers the core software that manages computer hardware and software resources. Topics include processes, memory management, file systems, and system calls.
